feat: add cpu and memory hotplug (#834)
harvester/docs: docs/vm/cpu-memory-hotplug.md

---
sidebar_position: 12
sidebar_label: CPU / Memory Hotplug
title: "CPU / Memory Hotplug"
keywords:
  - Harvester
  - harvester
  - Virtual Machine
  - virtual machine
  - CPU
  - cpu
  - Memory
  - memory
  - CPU Hotplug
  - cpu hotplug
  - Memory Hotplug
  - memory hotplug
description: Create VM with CPU / Memory Hotplug
---

<head>
  <link rel="canonical" href="https://docs.harvesterhci.io/v1.6/vm/cpu-memory-hotplug"/>
</head>

_Available as of v1.6.0_

Harvester supports CPU and memory hotplug for VMs. This feature allows you to dynamically add CPU cores and memory from a running VM without requiring a reboot.

## Create VM with CPU / Memory Hotplug

1. On VM creation page, click `Enable CPU and memory hotplug` checkbox.

> 1. Edit Maximum CPU and Memory values as needed. This is maximum number of CPU cores and memory that can be dynamically adjusted for the VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the maximum CPU and memory values as needed. These values limit the virtual machine's real time resource consumption. If left empty, the values calculated from the the `max-host-plug-ratio` setting are used.
```
